ATTRIBUTION

Thank you for downloading one of our free files, we hope it saves you some valuable time and works well within your project.

Our aim is to keep growing our resource of free video content as long as possible so please credit the Enchanted Media website (www.enchanted.media) somewhere within or close to your finished work, doesn’t have to be very big. A link would be awesome!

- - -

TERMS OF USE

By “Product” we mean the unaltered file you downloaded straight after purchasing, including the component items of a pack, or assets provided within an After Effects project.

We have a summarised set of rules regarding the use of our Products, which is much the same as most other royalty-free media content providers. Our aim is not to offer you an item and then present a large list of prohibitions, but to allow common sense to prevail, making Enchanted.Media a worry-free resource for digital content.

- - -

In short

- - -

The fundamental agreement is that you do not purchase the file, but a license to use the file. And the license is a great one! Once you’ve made your purchase you can use the file in any personal or commercial work, unlimited times, for an unlimited period – worldwide. You have effectively purchased the right to use the file however you wish, on the condition that you accept that the file was created by Enchanted Studios and cannot be shared or sold “as is”.

Here are the don’ts :

•	Don’t give the Product to someone else (though you can duplicate the Product for your own needs)
•	Don’t sell the Product to anyone else, or on another marketplace
•	Don’t use the Products within illegal, immoral or pornographic activities.

With reasonable judgement these rules should be common sense, but we also have a set of legally binding Terms below, which you should read, to help us cover us in any potential copyright issues. These Terms will be what you are agreeing to when downloading any of our Products.

Just keep it honest and keep it legit, so we can keep providing more exciting digital content!

If you’ve any queries regarding these Terms don’t hesitate to get in touch at admin@enchanted.media. A simple yes or no will soon clear things up!


- - - 
End User License Agreement

– Our Terms in full

- - -


// Definitions
 For the purpose of this Agreement, the following definitions will apply :

“Enchanted.Media” or the “Site” is a trading platform for Enchanted Studios, which holds all legal and copyright responsibilities.

A “Product” is any item licensed through Enchanted.Media (both free or payed for) including, but not limited to, After Effects templates, motion graphics, video footage, images and audio files. Any component elements (eg. items within the Footage folder of a collected After Effects project, and/or separate items of a Pack) are also treated as individual Products.

A “Production” is the resulting end-product which makes use of any Product(s), and includes but is not limited to online video, broadcast video, internal corporate presentations, websites and printed material.

By purchasing and downloading digital Products from Enchanted.Media, you confirm that you have read, understood, and agree to abide by the following Terms and Conditions.


// Terms and Conditions

Enchanted Studios reserves the right to change and/or modify these Terms with no prior notice.


// Terms of Use
 Enchanted Studios hereby grants you a personal, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide right to use each Product licensed by you in an unlimited number solely in Productions created by you – for personal or commercial works.

This license is non-transferable.

These Product files are royalty free and may be published, broadcasted and distributed across all media types, except where noted by illegal business or selling this material on another website. See Limitation of Use.

You may use the Product alone or you may incorporate the Product into a larger Production.

You may use the Product for your own Production(s) or for Productions you are creating on behalf of your client.

The sharing, re-selling, distribution, publishing, or online posting of templates, project files, effects, or any digital products sold through this site is strictly prohibited. Project files may be swapped and shared with clients, coworkers, or other parties under the circumstances that all involved parties are collaborating on the same Production.

If you have any questions about what constitutes acceptable or unacceptable uses of the Products, please contact us at admin@enchanted.media.


// Limitations of Use
 You may not :

•	sell, transfer, share, sublicense or otherwise redistribute any Product, or the license to use any Product, to any third party, except solely as embodied within a Production created by you
•	give the Product away or post it on a website for download
•	alter the Product then give it away or post it on a website for download
•	channel the Product to any third parties through networked processing (file-sharing) systems
•	represent, expressly or by way of reasonable implication, that any Product was created by you or a person other than Enchanted Studios, the copyright holder(s) of that Product
•	use a Product in connection with any Production that is pornographic, defamatory, or could be considered libelous, obscene, or illegal
•	use a Product in a manner that infringes upon any third party’s trademark or other intellectual property right, or would give rise to a claim of deceptive advertising or unfair competition, or
•	use a Product, or any part thereof, as a trademark, service mark, logo, or other indication of origin.


// Copyright
 You hereby acknowledge that Enchanted Studios is and remains the owner of all right, title and interest in each Product licensed by you, including without limitation any copyrights therein.

This Site (Enchanted.Media) is a trading platform for Enchanted Studios.


// Warranties and Liability
 All Products are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of non-infringement, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose.

Please note that, as we cannot offer dedicated support for After Effects templates, we strongly suggest these templates are downloaded only by users who are happy to explore the project files without the need of further assistance. We would recommend a minimum of 1 year’s familiarity with After Effects to fully comprehend the project structure for any potential changes in timings and restructuring. We do not offer refunds for After Effects templates downloaded with an intention to change the previewed sequence length, when this is not within the capability of the user.

Enchanted Studios will not be liable for any damage or loss of data whatsoever due to downloading or using a Product. In no event shall Enchanted Studios be liable for any damages including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages or other losses arising out of the use of or inability to use the Products and/or information from Enchanted.Media.

Enchanted Studios assumes no responsibility for anything arising from the possession or use of Products obtained from us or used via the Site.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Enchanted.Media warrants that it has the right to grant the license granted hereunder.

We make no guarantee that our service or use of the Site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free. We make no warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the Products purchased on the Site.

We make no warranty with respect to software, if any, used in connection with the Products on or provided by the Site.

ENCHANTED STUDIOS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY GENERAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES, COSTS OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR THE PRODUCTS CONTAINED THEREIN.
